docs: restructure documentation (#370)
elastic/apm-agent-ios: docs/reference/edot-ios/automatic-instrumentation.md

      Text("Elastic shirt")
    }
    .navigationTitle("Products")
  }
}
```

The span appears as `Products - view appearing`.

If you cannot set a navigation title, use `reportName(_:)`:

```swift
import ElasticApm
import SwiftUI

struct ProductsView: View {
  var body: some View {
    List {
      Text("Elastic mug")
      Text("Elastic shirt")
    }
    .reportName("Products - view appearing")
  }
}
```

:::{note}
`reportName(_:)` uses the complete string you provide. Include ` - view appearing` if you want custom names to follow the SDK's default naming format.
:::

### Crash reporting [crash-reporting]

EDOT iOS captures app crashes and reports them using the OpenTelemetry [Events API](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/logs/event-api/).

A crash is stored on the device when it occurs. The SDK loads and exports the report on the next app launch as a log event with:

- Event name `crash`.
- Fatal severity.
- Exception type, message, and stack trace.
- The session ID from the crashed app session.
- The last known network connection type on supported iOS devices.

Crash reporting is enabled by default.

#### Test crash reporting [test-crash-reporting]

> Crash capture is disabled while a debugger is attached. A crash triggered during a normal Xcode debug session is not recorded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Crash capture is turned off while a debugger is attached. A crash triggered during a normal Xcode debug session is not recorded.
```

To test crash reporting:

1. In Xcode, select **Product** → **Scheme** → **Edit Scheme**.
2. Select **Run**, then open the **Info** tab.
3. Clear **Debug executable**.
4. Build and run the app.
5. Trigger the crash.
6. Launch the app again to send the pending crash report.

Alternatively, install the app, stop the Xcode session, and launch it from the device home screen before triggering the crash.

:::{note}
Crash reports are sent on the next app launch, not at the time of the crash.
:::

### System metrics [system-metrics]

EDOT iOS records app CPU and memory usage:

| Metric | Description | Unit |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `system.cpu.usage` | CPU used by the app's active threads. | Percentage |

> | `system.memory.usage` | Physical memory footprint of the app process. | Bytes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `system.cpu.usage` | CPU used by the app's active threads | Percentage |
| `system.memory.usage` | Physical memory footprint of the app process | Bytes |
```
